aks/use-wasi-node-pools: update the doc to refer to SpinKube (#71)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-aks-docs: articles/aks/use-wasi-node-pools.md

---

# Create WebAssembly System Interface (WASI) node pools in Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to run your WebAssembly (Wasm) workload (preview)

> [WebAssembly (Wasm)][wasm] is a binary format that is optimized for fast download and maximum execution speed in a Wasm runtime. A Wasm runtime is designed to run on a target architecture and execute Wasm components in a sandbox, isolated from the host computer, at near-native performance. By default, Wasm components can't access resources on the host outside of the sandbox unless it is explicitly allowed, and they can't communicate over sockets to access things like environment variables or HTTP traffic. The [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI)][wasi] standard defines an API for Wasm runtimes to provide access to Wasm components to the environment and resources outside the host using a capabilities model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WebAssembly (Wasm)][wasm] is a binary format that is optimized for fast download and maximum execution speed in a Wasm runtime. A Wasm runtime is designed to run on a target architecture and execute Wasm components in a sandbox, isolated from the host computer, at near-native performance. By default, Wasm components can't access resources on the host outside of the sandbox unless it is explicitly allowed. For example, Wasm components can't communicate over sockets, receive or send HTTP traffic, or even to access things like environment variables without explicit approval. The [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI)][wasi] standard defines an API for Wasm runtimes to provide access to Wasm components to the environment and resources outside the host using a capabilities model.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > WASI nodepools now use [SpinKube shim][containerd-shim-spin] to run Wasm workloads. Previously, AKS used [Krustlet][krustlet] to allow Wasm modules to be run on Kubernetes. If you are still using Krustlet-based WASI nodepools, you can migrate to containerd shims by creating a new WASI nodepool and migrating your workloads to the new nodepool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WASI nodepools now use [SpinKube containerd shim][containerd-shim-spin] to run Wasm workloads. Previously, AKS used [Krustlet][krustlet] to allow Wasm modules to be run on Kubernetes. If you are still using Krustlet-based WASI nodepools, you can migrate to containerd shims by creating a new WASI nodepool and migrating your workloads to the new nodepool.
```

## Limitations

> * Currently, there are only containerd shims available for [spin][spin] and [slight][slight] applications, which use the [wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime. In addition to wasmtime runtime applications, you can also run containers on WASM/WASI node pools.

Author: slight is deprecated, so I've decided to remove the mentioning of slight completely

> * You can run containers and wasm modules on the same node, but you can't run containers and wasm modules on the same pod.

Author: you can actually run Linux and Wasm containers side-by-side with the latest version now!

> * Currently, WASI Node Pools only support [Spin][spin] applications which use the [Wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime, and native Linux containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, WASI Node Pools only support [Spin][spin] applications, which use the [Wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime and native Linux containers.
```

I'm sorry. This was from my feedback. I think you do you need the comma in front of which.

> * Currently, WASI Node Pools only support [Spin][spin] applications, which use the [Wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime and native Linux containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Currently, WASI node pools only support [Spin][spin] applications, which use the [Wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime and native Linux containers.
```

Reviewer 2: It also looks like there might be an invalid file link. Once you make those two changes, please let me know and I can sign off on the PR @Mossaka

Author: Resolved

> * Currently, there are only containerd shims available for [spin][spin] applications, which use the [wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime. In addition to wasmtime runtime applications, you can also run containers on Wasm/WASI node pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, WASI Node Pools only support [Spin][spin] applications which use the [Wasmtime][wasmtime] runtime, and native Linux containers.
```
